Julien Kernec'h: Hello.
Alex Neskin: Hey, Julian.
Julien Kernec'h: Hi, Yarex.
Alex Neskin: Zinc zinc.
Julien Kernec'h: How are we doing today?
Alex Neskin: How are you?
Julien Kernec'h: Pretty good. It's been intense past few days.
Alex Neskin: You have accounts with SVB?
Julien Kernec'h: But pretty good? Yes. Yes. A lot of our caching as well. So it has been quite stressful and interesting, I would say.
Alex Neskin: Until you're paying the same. We had, like, most of our accounts in with SVB, so we had to transfer as it's crazy. It's crazy. We're still transferring. I still I still think we need to withdraw as much as we could and diversify put under different bank accounts.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. This is exactly what we did as well. We started when we saw the conversing and modeling, on Thursday. We started to move some money because everything was there, so we managed to move out of our cash. But we still have substantial amounts there.
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: And we need to do some transfer. And, basically, what we will do is, like, Mercure and Brex since they increased their FGA's insurance. And the rest that's GP Morgan.
Alex Neskin: Exactly the same. Exactly the same. I spent, like like, besides the PetQ, we also have one more company, so I had to open two accounts with GP Morgan, with Chase. And I'm here, like I'm not sure where are you. I'm I'm here in Fremont in California. And it was, like, for over three or four hours queue in the Exactly.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. Yeah. It's just crazy. It it's a It's kind of to be honest with you, I was like, damn. It couldn't get forced after a global pandemic reversation. I was like, I think we we went through everything, but, no, it looks like service system surprises.
Alex Neskin: Exactly. And for me, you know, like, because I'm Ukrainian and we still have, like, a lot of two in Ukraine. For me, it was pandemic. And we were, like, we faced the pandemic because the nature of our business, we we are making hardware. We're making cameras. Right? So we we move out of the pandemic. Like, we were in the first row, basically, in China when our factories stopped producing the goods.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: And then and then, like, we're in Ukraine, and then, like, this situation with SVB.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. Yeah.
Alex Neskin: So SVB actually was, like, probably not not as big for us as as Yeah.
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. Yes. Compared to what happened, especially with what's going on in Europe and Ukraine, So yeah. It's been a lot, but yeah. So glad things are at least behind us, so I I didn't have to reschedule. So we should be we are waiting for someone else. So let me just check if I received any email, and then we will start shortly.
Alex Neskin: Okay.
Julien Kernec'h: You are basing in the city.
Alex Neskin: Emin Fremont, California, Bay Area.
Julien Kernec'h: Why are you based based away? Oh, former calls. This is what you mentioned earlier. I didn't oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm based in San Francisco. I'm based in San Francisco.
Alex Neskin: Cool.
Julien Kernec'h: I moved in, like, five years ago.
Alex Neskin: Cool. Yeah. We we also like, I moved permanently twenty twenty one. But my daughter was born here in twenty eighteen, so we opened an office in San Francisco back in twenty sixteen, I guess. Yeah. Twenty sixteen. But since then, I spent most of my time, like, either in New rain or in China. And then only in twenty twenty one, we decided finally, you know, because our daughter was, like, four years old back then, and we thought, okay. It would be good if if she could pick up the language and go to the kindergarten here. And that's ex that's exactly what happened.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: I mean, like, right now, I'm reading her books in English and it is saying, like, that your pronunciation like, could you please just stop speaking English your pronunciation? Weird. You shouldn't do this in front of my friends.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. I I know I know the pain. I also have a really sick and some vaccines. And, yeah, it's sorry for my French, but a lot of shit. Okay. So let me just give me one sec. Let's wait one more minute, and we will stop was the two of us if all the friends Anishish cannot join, so let's see. That. Okay. I will just give you one more sec. I'm sending this link. And sense. Alright. So I propose that we start. It's already it's almost five already. So I propose that we start to see if Emilia can join. We get a lot of description given all those things that are done recently. So hopefully, it will be otherwise, it will be only the two of us, which would be nice as well. So first of all, I just want I will show my screen as did a very simple presentation. Let's see. Here we go. So the goal of of today's session let me see if I can move this. Yes. Perfect. So I can see you as well. So the goal for for this circle is we need to talk about prioritization and time management. And especially for CTOs or technology leader in smaller size companies. So oops. This circle will be basically splitting four sessions to the session, which is more information getting to know each other and focusing more on personal time management. Second session will be more focused on priorities and strategies, more at the org level, and all you can influence your team. Third would be more on time management, but for your team as well, like capacity planning and zooming a bit more. It like, both of the participants are CTO's and myself as well. So I think it was more timely instead of focusing on his initial plan, which was more time management. And forces like office errors, but we will still recognize, and we might address over time depending on your feedback. I want to make this as interactive as possible. So please. We're only two of us. So I don't want to be and even if it was four four five, I don't want you to only talk.
Alex Neskin: Sure.
Julien Kernec'h: I want this to be really interactive and, you know, for in your feedback as well if you think you should adjust or focus on specific things. Right. It's where I read your questions and motivation being the circles that you submitted. And this is why also I adjusted some of the agenda and the contents of the of of the circle. So the goal is we to understand the importance of negotiation and time management skills. Individually, but also for your teams, learning effective strategies and tools to do so, overcoming some of the of stakeholders that we all face, unfortunately, and creating a really good and sustainable prioritization and the management system, again, for yourself, but also for your sense.
Alex Neskin: Sounds good. Exciting.
Julien Kernec'h: Cool. Yeah. This is a topic that I'm very passionate about as an engineer because I was, like, purpose, I will get back to it, but purpose management, and it seems very overwhelming. And, especially, I will get back to it as a cofounder even more because yours the responsibilities are not just the responsibility of a CTO or technology there. It's way more. So the outcomes, improving productivity and efficiency, reducing your stress testing, getting comfortable of time, and being able to anticipate things or at least plan for the unplanned is some things that help a lot. Improvise is collaboration and team work because the goal, it's not only about you and your time management. It's also about your teams. And and I'm seeing your reputation as someone organized, which seems like a details, but I think it's also at least I think it's one of the also good outcome of of this.
Alex Neskin: Okay.
Julien Kernec'h: So today's agenda, I will talk a bit about me. Want to do some introductions introduction in this case. Why I pick this topic and starting to focus on custom time management, tools and frameworks. Again, I want to make this as interactive, so we'll have some questions for you. And we can take it as much time or double click on any topics if there is some things that you would like to to zoom in.
Alex Neskin: Cool.
Julien Kernec'h: So Up. About to me. So my name is Julian, and I'm really excited about this topic because this is something where when I became a leader, I I have been in the bookings industry for the past sixteen years and managing team for fourteen years. And I've worked mainly in early to meet stage startups to one of the largest companies where a company was acquired. Largest Internet companies in Europe, Europe pages, I'll mention those. At least at the time, it was one of the largest. And in addition for ten years, in part of my job, I had a solar agency, which was started as a solar cell. Where I was focusing at the beginning on creating website, but very quickly, starting to work with startups to add some scale, scores up processes, finding the right processes, and also technologies. So really technology process, and a bit of leadership as well. This was a really good experience because even if it was focused in the it was more focused in Europe, especially Francen and is it well, in especially, France and Spain. It was a great response for me because it allowed me to work really closely with entrepreneurs, understand their challenges, and the challenges that basically People like us, basically, are on a day to day basis. Like, lots of request, lots of problems, and we basically, I have to face this and face constant change on a day to day basis. And even the last three years, I've been three, four years, I've been really even full. Even more that I would have could have ever anticipated. Nine years ago, I cofounded my company as a CTO. And then build the product MVP from scratch. And after successfully launching and and and scaling the company, I decided to to step down and move to the US, and this is where I joined Telo, the video platform we are using today.
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: So and at Peru, it was really interesting because we have a community of engineering leaders and technology leaders. So you had the opportunity to meet and work with some of the best minds industry, some of, like, all the issues of the companies that I could have ever dreamed of when I was back in France and Europe. It was really difficult to get exposed to those people. And one of the most important thing I learned is to scale yourself, you need to you need to master or to prioritize, manage your time, and dedicate. And this is not as complicated, and this is why I decided to us to circle on this topic because I think I learned a lot. It was a key part of my success. But also as an engineer, as a coming from a unconventional background, I I I didn't do software engineering school. I learned Esterian geography at Lasso, in France, which is very unconventional, but always was passionate with computers and and and technology. And and for me, especially coming from an engine as a as an IC and being published as a manager and then CTO. It was really important to have, like, frameworks or tools that are easily reproducible. Just like when you use a framework, you have library of tools that you can use to to manage your time. And I think this is oh, I like to think about things. Same thing with managements. I like to think about management toolbox, but also tools that you can use to to manage your team and help your team go, same thing with your time, and, oh, you can scale yourself. So this is basically about me. Really short introductions, I will zoom a bit more about some of the duties and responsibilities that I add and also why I think this topic is really important. But enough about me, I would love to hear about you. Tell me about your story. Where do you confirm how did you ended up front in your company moving to the US?
Alex Neskin: Cool. Cool.
Julien Kernec'h: I I want to know all of that.
Alex Neskin: Cool. Yeah. Sure. So I checked I just checked your LinkedIn. I I just sent a friend request. I saw, like, Dial once was the company that you founded. This is, like, a circle for tech leads and CTOs. Right?
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. There once is basically, it's a we we are the companies that is offering a multichannel communication channel. So with the omnichannel communication for large is. So, basically, we're aggregating all the emails, all the phone calls, all the contact forms, merging them into one unified systems, and I'll distribute the load. So we're working with governments, French governments, with the French IRS, and employments with most of the banks in lots of banks in in Europe, mostly in France, also in the US, and also insurance companies. So it's really, really large companies. As that we're working with. And the goal is basically to optimize and reduce the time and the frustration that user can add when they go to an IVR. Press one, press one, press two, which is a notable experience. Oh, you have to wait for ten minutes. It does the end to say, oh, Please go to Mehul. Like, this kind of things happen a lot to me. And so this is why we started we decided to start this company. And so we intercept calls, a project reporting interface where we qualify cell demands, and a project exempt to the right person. Or offers them alternative communication channel such as chat, callback, contents to really help them solve the problem. So it works really not as much startups because it's zero. You are smaller. We we don't have many websites and many applications, many different incoming requests. So it's it works really well for large scale companies, and we're mostly working white label for all those companies.
Alex Neskin: Yeah. Pretty cool, people. So short story about me. My name is Alex or my friend's called Massasha. This is the same in in Ukraine. There was a popular year in Ukraine where, like, there were a lot of Alexis our parents thought this is a really cool name. So we have at some point, we had probably, like, ten Sashas, ten Alexas in our team. So we had, like, Alex p, Alex o, Alex seven, and so on.
Julien Kernec'h: Oh, wow. Okay.
Alex Neskin: So I started with Petcube I'm the CTO, but and I'm the founder. So I started this company because of my pain. I just, like, solve the separation anxiety of my dog problem, then At that time, I felt like I'm not a good business person, so I need to hire some CEO. I need to find a person who can help me build the business out of it. And, luckily, so two of my friends from our colleagues from from work. At that time, they joined me. We were working with the with the digital agency that was one of the biggest digital agency in Ukraine. We have, like, big customers as Microsoft, Samsung, like, some big companies, and we we did, like, a digital strategy for them. I was a CTO at that company and also, like, the only technical person. So I did pretty much everything starting from you know, at the time I started with flash programming, then I switched to, like, c, c plus plus, and then I was kind of, like I'm a software engineer by the background, by the education. But once the Arjuna came up, I started to play around or I call it, like, legal for adults are doing this, so you don't really have to have any knowledge about the harder and all the stuff. So that's how I tackled the the first prototype of of bad cube, which essentially has a camera. It is a camera that helps you remotely interact with with the catadog. And eventually, it it went up to, like, device like this. It's it has pretty sleek aluminum case design and stuff like that. So we we went from basically three of us to I think in the peak, we had a team of hundred people Most of them were engineers. So I had to basically manage engineers I did not have any experience of managing engineers before, and retrospectively looking back at what happened. I think the only thing that I probably did write and which which helped us scale is I I was present with engineers just because that was the only thing probably I I I know how to do. And there was eventually a motivation. So I I kept them motivated. I I I just show that I care about this problem. I want to solve them. Solve it, and then people help me solve these problems. Right? Or solve it instead of me even. So Yeah. It's interesting. And I came up right now that's, like, only recently that okay. This is this is a part of management, actually. This is a thing that's that is might not be really easy to do to motivate other people, and that's that's what actually naturally naturally happened. But before that, I was adopting in my, you know, skills, like, my co founders for adopting them as well. So we hired a VP of engineering. At some point, we we had, like, VP of engineering from from Amazon and Netflix. So that was one of the first hires we had here in the United States. I was very senior guy. I mean, like, I never had a chance to work with such large companies as Amazon or Google and, like, having somebody from this company, like, working with you or for you. And, technically, like, he reported to me. On air I remember on our first one on one, I told Saldiv, His name is Aldi. I told him, like, Aldi. Technically, you're reporting to me, but I'll do everything to learn from you. So, like, whatever whatever we do, like, I'm I'm here to learn from you. And it was really good experience, but, like, then pandemic started. So we had to optimize and of course, like, the the the biggest cost reduction came from the US office, so we had to optimize that. But this actually helped us to become profitable. So pandemic forced us to focus on the software services. We launched not sure how you're familiar with the pet cube, but we basically make cameras. And with these cameras, we analyze different behavior of cat or dogs. Like, eventually, we can distinguish whether it's cat or dog. Your dog is barking or your cat is mellowy. Eventually, we can do things like or we want to do things like detecting, separation and anxiety if your dog, like, running a circle or your cat is vomiting. So some computer vision stuff analytics on the edge and in the cloud. Right now, the team is around six to people, twenty engineers. And we also had a couple of attempts to to hire VP of engineering, but kind of, like, smaller caliber in Ukraine which didn't work out for the team. And right now, I'm I'm here in the United States because I decided to move here actually way long like, way before the war started because of my family. And we hired the chief engineering back in Ukraine, but then it didn't work out. So right now, I'm kind of, like, managing engineering team from here, from the United States, and it's kind of difficult because like, my morning starts at 5AM.
Julien Kernec'h: Okay.
Alex Neskin: I'm not used to, like, waking up in the morning still early. And the problem is that's and part of my job and actually the passion because I spent most of my time in China during this, like, entire project. I I set up the first assembly line. I basically hired the first team in China. We still have a small presence in In Shenzhen. In China who who observe the the the manufacturing process for us. And I'm still managing this. So my day is breaking down down in two parts. So right now, it's eleven. I think in couple of hours, I would probably take a break. It will be like a first shift over, and then the second shift will start at 6PM because the China wakes up in in the evening. So but I'm kind of, like, glad about this because, you know, I can I can leverage this time to like, self education to, you know, just go fishing sometimes?
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: I really want to say that I would I I didn't do it often, unfortunately, but I just mean about go fishing, like, every day. Yeah. And I'm really so you can probably tell from from from the schedule. It's pretty busy, and it's being a challenge actually for me because what I feel right now, and the reason why I kind of, like, was excited to take this this circle, this class for PLATO, is to trying to to understand, like, you mentioned, like, this framework building blocks. Like, I I'm trying to systemize my knowledge to to help me better manage my time. Because what I realized right now is, like, I'm fully in the operation mode. I am, like, waking up, solving the problems in the morning. I'm going to bed, it's, like, 10:11PM in the evening solving problems. Like, in China. And it's like operation mode. And I want to kind of, you know, dedicate some time for self development, education, I I still do it through the work. Right? But it it feels like not probably the best use of the time. So, yeah, that's that's the short story about me. I guess, Yeah.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. First of all, it's it's awesome. As the product looks amazing, I I do have a dog here. I used to have a dog, and it's his the product looks awesome and also congratulations. I think being profitable, especially during those times, is definitely one of the best decision. It it puts your company in a very good position, which in time of crisis is first of all, rewarding and but also reassuring. So congratulations. And it looks awesome. It's it's it's it's awesome. And, also, thank you for sharing what what this topic matters to you and and what you want to get out of this. I think it's important for to for me to better understand I actually because I also manage some our team is completely distributed. We have some people we had some people in India, Europe, US, span of a large time zones. So I also start very early. But at some point, I need find some ways to reorganize my time to not be, as you said, always in a pay operation mode. But also because it's really important. Your CTO is your settings of vision. And so you have a lot of responsibilities as well that we will actually dive into in a little bit. It's yeah. Thank you.
Alex Neskin: Okay.
Julien Kernec'h: So I just wanted to exactly double kind of go back to to why why is this topic and why why is this important? I think this is an essential an essential skill. Because it helps you manage your teams and also manage projects and achieve your goals and your organization goals. And there is a few reason because the first thing is that as a CTO, you it's really overwhelming. Everybody comes to you. As an engineer, it's already overwhelming. It's always people coming with you with bugs, issues, problems. So you always need to focus on high priority task. What what are the things that are the most important and and the most impactful that you can do? There would be always again, sorry for my French, but a shit ton of problems that you will have to address. So focusing on high priority task is crucial. Again, you are responsible for multiple project, multiple teams, multiple initiatives, so it's very important. Second is second thing is optimizing a host of allocation. We will not zoom in on this today, but it's definitely something that is really important for the upcoming session. I think it's something that you put in one of your motivation to join the circle is capacity planning. So resource allocation it's kind of a key skills, especially as your as your organization go. And when you go in terms of stages, this is something that is really important. And I don't know exactly how your organization is tortured if you have usually had some very interesting relationship with the CFO. And and it's resource allocation was kind of a odd topic on how we use the money. What do we do with it? And, oh, we can make sure that we are working on the things that have the most leverage for the companion org. It's also for time utilization. As you said, we have only a limited amount of hours. And if you're not there for the companies, the companies don't. You're one of the cofounder. You're the CTO. Basically, every time is this you are the is the head and CEO of the company, but you're also the one you have the whole company and your shoulders. This is the reality. Like, if you're not there and if you're not there to support the team, it's, like, most likely, except if you had you did a really good job hiring some of the best people in the world. But even if you do so, you need to be there to support your team. So you're using your time is really important so you can balance competing priorities, dedicate tasks, also avoid burnouts. Again, without you, Most likely, the company will not succeed. Oh, it's really difficult for company to to have the founder removed from the equation. And last but not least, it's also improving decision making. If you have control of your time, if you have control of your priorities, it's a lot easier to make better decisions. And I think you heard about the head of man, and you most likely I've got some books. Decision making is basically one of your killer's possibilities. So if you you can opt you need to optimize everything to do, bit to to make better decisions and make better informed decisions about household locations, project timelines, and old user critical issues that you have on a day to day basis. Hopefully, not too much, but the reality is there is always some problems. Like, we would have sold said last week, screen banks would be impacted. Like, we would have sold the issue I I didn't understand my Bingo card personally. And even if we did risk assessment and management, we didn't have this. So Anyway, overall, those are really essential skills for technology leaders, and they will help you achieve your goals. And also become a better lead leader and support for your company and your teams. This is why I'm very passionate about this topic because I cannot want to understand better on the terms of all of the CTO and especially of a cofounder. So I did a simple Google search and 03:20 already. This is kind of what's the list. It's a lot. Basically, you need to develop the company's strategy, ensuring the business is aligned. Identifying new technology trends, identifying opportunities to make sure the company have a competitive advantage, leading r and d, managing the technology budgets, overseeing design development, deployments even more when you have hardware, ensuring the company ensuring that the systems are protected and secured, building and managing teams, hiring, collaborating with the sole executive in Securly. And so on and so forth, fulfilling future of innovation. The reality is that I don't think this is nearly what is actually your role and what is my role as well. Because in the context of a startup, You're basically a CEO, but chief every single officer. It's basically what you need to do is the last distributor of CTO, but also your IT manager, your CIO. You are a better privacy officer, head of risk management, IT manager. You're doing maybe support internal support, external support. And, also, because it's not enough, nearly enough, you need also to outpace money. You need also to support sales. You need also to sales or partnership depending on your business. Also, currently, there's an engineer sometimes because there will be some problems where you can only take the right decisions. So and and, basically, wherever it's needed. If tomorrow you have one of your leader in your companies that is leaving, you will most likely have to take up his place. This is exactly what I'm passionate about this topic because this kind of what happened to me. At some point, I had to take over a customer support. I had to take c the the COO role for quite some time actually in my previous company and even in this company exhibits a lot of things that's independent of you can't just stick to your wall. So I just want to remind why it's really important to really control your time and making sure that you have the right tools to do so. And most of the time, since you have not a lot of responsibilities, this is what you end up with. You don't control your time, you have tens of thousands of emails, and, hopefully, you're better organized on this. But this is what's happened to a lot of people. All. I've been mentoring people for quite some time now, and I met a lot of leaders even in, like, little stage companies. That are really, really overwhelmed and basically declare what they do is, like, they declare a bankruptcy even on them. Oh, I have too much too much messages, select all, Mac has read archive. And if it's really important, people will get back to me. And same thing with Slack. The reality is that this is now of which bankruptcy is a really So last thing that you should do, hopefully. And so this is why it's important to have systems that allows you to take control of your time.
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: A bit curious, actually. I want to dig into for for the next thirty minutes about personal time management tools, and I would love to inform you on how do you organize yourselves as I have a few questions for you, and I would love to for you to explain a bit And first of all, tell me if if this chief favorite single officer will resonate with you, and as well as these two screenshots.
Alex Neskin: Yeah. It definitely does. I mean, like, the screenshots for the calendar It it's still massive for me. I tend to have, like, maker and and manager schedule. And I felt like this is kind of like a rule of thumb board, kind of a tool that I used that helped me kind of like organize it. Because what I feel as a CEO or, like, as a chief everything officer, sometimes you work, work, work, work, and something, and you don't get, like, the results in a long period of time. And it could be, like, very demotivating. So I kind of, like, used my superpowers as an engineer as a you know, problem solver and something you can do, like, tackle really quick, like, design a chrome plugging or, I don't know, do some quick solution end to end. Within couple of hours. And this kind of, like, I put this on my schedule. Sometimes it was on Saturday. Sometimes it was, like, on Monday's evening. But, like, couple of hours a week to design something. And this give me, like, an enter thing, some kind of, like, a boost of energy to to continue the the work. I turned off the Slack notification button here to not embarrass myself with the number that I see on top. And for the inbox I mean, like, honestly, I had this amount like, big amount of emails in my inbox for a while. And then probably a year ago, I decided to clean them all. And I kind of, like, created a process where I where I have a zero inbox and a strict policies with spam and, like, other stuff trying to protect my time. Which is kind of a bit easier. I don't see the, like, thirteen thousand emails signed in my inbox right now. But I feel like I feel the pressure about emails are still coming. So Yeah.
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. And it's it's perfectly normal. I think I just see, like, four or six milligram per day. I'm at I did a clear thing before this morning. I'm at 01:46 already. It's normal. It's your whole. You have, like, lots of partners. It's also your whole of one of the cofounder. You have stakeholders. And, again, you have every single responsibility of the every single physical responsibility, so it's normal. The question is that, how do you get back to what's, you know, framework or a way? I think what you mentioned, what's in these key processes. I'm also an engineer, and I I I love adding processes and tools that can really streamline things. And this is why I want to to zoom in a bit into and also give you some of the tools I'm using. So I have a few questions for you. Good to know today. I could both look at your computer Look at your camera. Of course, but don't look at your computer. Could you send me audio spend your time in the past thirty days. What is the allocation of time? Do do you know? Do you have an ID? Do you have a system to be to knows where do you spend your time?
Alex Neskin: I can tell you pretty precise. I'm tracking. So we we have this policy on the management team. So we have high level trend tracking. And it's actually part of the management report. So every week, we have a management's meeting. And during the management meeting, everyone prepares the report, and they just share the screen and read it. And the first part of this report is the timetable with the high level activities. Like, for example, this project I spent, this time, this project I spend this time and that so it's just simple spreadsheet. We're manually every week. I I put some stuff. As an engineer, I hacked the system, so I created a a chrome plugging, which kind of extract the data from my Google Calendar. And put it in the spreadsheet, which I think could be like a small business to to to to publish this plug in. But, yeah, this this is kinda a track. I I can pretty tell you pretty much, like, with a was a good granular granularity on what I did for the past thirty days.
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. So first, it's awesome because you're way more advanced compared to a lot of people to I I can tell you. And I think it's also interesting that this is a policy as part of the leadership team. I think it's it's really interesting. I like it. I like it because for me, it's really important to understand who has been my time, and how can I adjust? So, for example, understand which project require more effort? Is it support? Is it emergency? And forms there kind of do somewhat perspective. So I don't know. I'm I assume this is what you're doing with your leadership team. I'm like, okay. I spent too much time on this or this project or management or issues and kind of you adjust your strategy businesses. Is this how it works?
Alex Neskin: It's more of a self assessment and, like, self assessment and just to, you know, hold ourselves accountable in front of each others. So So my personal week actually, it's a good question.
Julien Kernec'h: Interesting. Okay. Pretty good. Okay. And second question is, how do you do your I don't know exactly what is your operational cadence. It's very unique to each any to every company is. So I put weeks. Sometimes it's monthly. Sometimes it's business adjusted. So how do you plan your weeks? I'm not talking about a company go settings or yeah.
Alex Neskin: So a transparent and, you know, like, Frank, from from the bottom of my heart, answer would be probably not So I kind of hold it in my in my random access memory in the in the DTR. Right? So I don't I don't have a list. Sometimes I put, like, when I have, like, a really hard day and I have a lot of priorities, I just opened the notes. And put, like, okay. This this this I I must do today the rest. I I I can just, like, slip out of my schedule. But yeah. And might be this might be a problem. I don't know. What do you think? I I don't plan. To answer your question, it's just like in my memory.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. I see. It's a problem. It's just What I would say is that, I think, the more you control your plans, the more you can actually adjust your schedule and focusing on those things that are important. It's just a question of understanding the priorities and what you will tackle next week. And being also accountable for the user leaders in your company. This is why Zoom box zero, during time boxing, understanding where you spend your time is important. The planning is also really important. I I will get back to it in a in a seconds. But in my opinion, again, you can be perfectly functional and schedule hundreds of million billions of dollars without it. Or rely on someone else. I just feel at least for myself, it is something that is extremely useful because, again, as part of You're all as a CTO. You need to do some research. You need to explore technologies. It's also for your sanity because if you do any leadership and problems, At least, I'm talking about myself, but so so for my sanity, if I don't have time to actually do some research and contribute in some ways, I know that I'm I'm sad. I need to be back in the action. I need to have this time where I know that I have an outcome, or I learned something. I think this is what you mentioned at the beginning. A recession is, like, knowings that you can actually focus on yourself, learning some new stuff, still you can leverage some of the new technologies that exist and not missing potentially a business opportunity, but also making sure that you actualize yourself.
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: And let's back on this. So you started to mention this. How what would how would you define your productivity stack?
Alex Neskin: Calendar excel spreadsheet.
Julien Kernec'h: Okay. Interesting. Which works really well. I think there is a few tools that you could leverage, but I don't think it's about the tool that's more like about using some At some point, tool will help you can be expensive and also be distracting. But it's sometimes useful to be able to control and automate. I will show you one of the tools that we are using and some of the techniques and some of the techniques. So I have four items, and I think this is kind of go back to what you're already doing, but I will still go back into it, and we can zoom in a little bit. So, colonel, with Metals calendar, I think it's awesome that you're already doing it. So whatever commands to to do, it's a security of frameworks that exist, and there is some actual tools that I will show my screen in a bit to show you what it means. Starting to colloqua to understand where do you spend your time on which project but also a which kind of task. I like for example to understand How much time has been managing? How much time has spent on learning and developments? How much time has spent on actually contributing? If we are in a fundraising phase, how much time I spend on each of my task and do some timeboxing. Why it's important to have those reports and it's awesome that you're already doing it. The goal is to assess over time if this is still the right thing to do. Most of the time, you add a meeting in your calendar because you don't have the resource. You don't have the process. You didn't solve the issue, didn't scale enough to be able to have a system where it's taken care of. I would give you a simple example every week. Appointment some points. We had something with bidding where Andy to do some reconciliation with the CFO to understand some of the amount and just double checking everything to make sure we were not sending to one invoice because we had a gap in our system, and we didn't develop a feature. The reality is that we ended up never not never. But at the time, I didn't delete this meeting, and we were meeting every week. Was just finding my agenda. And you have a lot of team meetings, a lot of personal meetings as well, one on one sometimes that might become event. So let me share this one screen because I will talk a lot about one tool that is called cada cada dot aiou. I don't know if you're familiar with it. So, Michel, we know very well. It's kind of a plateau friends, also investor in Peru. She was previously the head of product and engineering at YouTube. He was at Google for quite some times, and also and also companies, and he started this company called Kulwa. I'm sure you are familiar with Notion. This is basically Notion less aesthetic, way more powerful in terms of automation, and you can act a lot of things without capturing continuous thing. At I used to do all my Slack automation and stuff using some combination of Zapier or skips that I was hosting and running with con jobs and those kind of things. Accom extension, I ended up moving most of my automation on this tool. And so one of the things that is quite interesting, for example, is that you can click your calendar, connect your calendar to CUDA, and automatically, it will categorize. You can sync your calendar it will lead to automatically the events. You can assign categories to colors. And at the end, basically, what you get is the whole presentation that you can analyze, basically, video reports of voice pointer, which is it it looks like it's a portal that you built.
Alex Neskin: Yes. Without color cutting, but, yeah, I also have, like, breakdown and type of activity? Like, is it meeting or focus time? So, basically, I have to meeting or focus time. But yeah. Interesting.
Julien Kernec'h: Exactly. Yeah. And what is super cool about this is that what is important? It's not first, it's a report. At least I like to have data and to do a retrospective on myself and where I spend my time. So some things that I also imposed, by the way, as a company. Every quarter, we do a review of all the meetings that are set up, and we don't do, like like, what Shopify did when we consult all the meetings and We look at them, but we as we assess all the meetings and some things that I do so personally. I assess, oh, well, I always spend my time, what did they do last month? Is it aligned? Did I spend my time? I'll and is it aligned with the goal that we set as a company? With the goals that I set for myself? And every month, basically, I reduce this and I set some plans and eighty percent of the time, it's not exactly, but it gets closer and closer. And I've get more control about focusing on what is the most important thing for the company. This is where it's really important. If you start to do your planning, And this is why I was talking about planning earlier. Usually, what I do is that I plan a lot of time, and I add some blocks for the entire stuff. Because you will always have on time stamps. The goal is for you to take control of it. And I like this call recording system because if you stick to your timeboxing, you will say, okay. This is the main goal for our companion or Tim or myself. I will spend thirty percent, forty percent whatever the location that you set. On of my time, on this, can be project x, can be fundraising, can be whatever it is, really depend of your stage. Realty, your chief everything officer, things change every month. If not, even shorter depending of of your cadence. Sometimes every quarter, sometimes it's it's every month. So very useful tool that allow you to streamline and automate the report. And what I love about codal is that I used to, for me, I like to send notifications and reports very transparently. And for example, what I did, I have this code doc, set up for myself. And every week, I send a report in every month as well. I automated you can connect Slack, with codal, you can connect emails, and I automatically see it I spent two hours setting this up. You connect your calendar You should automatically send to a Slack channel or to an email, depending of the communication tools that you're using internally. And, automatically, I send my report. This is what I spend my time. Most reporting is not to do the reporting. It's actually to review it and use it to make sure that you adjust where you spend your time. And this comes down to a pen. So let me cool.
Alex Neskin: What is the name of the tool? Could I how do you spell it?
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. Sorry. My accent, your daughter will be up. Here you go. I will send you the doc. I will send you an email with all the that I shared.
Alex Neskin: Cool. Io.
Julien Kernec'h: Good at the IO.
Alex Neskin: Alright.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. It's a it's a game changer to be honest with you on all the automation that I add. I also send some reminders for people to prepare for meetings. So each time I have an event in my calendar with specific agenda and stuff I automated, and I send a reminder to people, see the expectation for the meetings, the link, and stuff, and making sure that it's prepared before before end. So I really streamlined things to make sure it fits my it's the goal is to remove some is to make sure, basically, my mind is not occupied with those kind of reminders and stuff. It needs to be seamless. And same thing with my planning, I don't want to have to sync about my planning during the week. So this is this goes back to the second topic that I wanted to discuss, and our list could have worked.
Alex Neskin: Surgery then before you go to this topic. So in this quota, I I I'm I'm just looking at it, and it looks like a a document management.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. Of course.
Alex Neskin: It's basically like an ocean. Even with similar design. So you're using only parts of this tool, which is, like, integration with the calendar and email am I right, or you're using, like, the whole tool?
Julien Kernec'h: No. I'm using we're using a lot of different tools, but I'm using it for a personal use independent of the company. We are also using it with the company as a dictation system. So we basically don't use Google Docs. We're only credible. We use it just like Notion. It's the only difference compared to Notion, and Notion have some integrations that are not as advanced. Is that I also moved all my productivity stack, which was core jobs, plug ins, and stuff that I act my way. I I did myself to to CUDA. So you have a personal space that I use for myself where I automate all the things. I connect it to Slack, I connect it to Jira, I connect it to GitHub, I connect it to so it's kind of my personal dashboard, and also auto all my automations are based on this tool. So each time I send some reports and emails and stuff, it helped me instead of building my email from scratch, I have some of my templates there. I use it quite a bit. Actually. A lot, I would say.
Alex Neskin: Interesting. Interesting. Thanks for sharing. Yeah. We'll check.
Julien Kernec'h: Absolutely. And I can I can spend more time to double click on to to zoom in on this if if you if if you it could be interesting during some of your conversation?
Alex Neskin: That's fine. I think I will I will take a look and we'll try our So you you recommend me to start with what, like, personal account? I see the Teams account. Are they their proprietary?
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. I think I would try personal accounts and just try to do like, is there is a lot of templates? I will share the templates. I can send it to you now today, Cutter, what matters? It's you can copy past the templates, connect your calendar, crawler, and you have your report built, and then you can play your own, connect, Slack, or email, and send your reports. As a signal for now, you're done, and you have your reports ready, automated.
Alex Neskin: Wow. Interesting. And it syncs with my calendar. I Google calendar? And is it, like, is it safe to use? Where is this company based? Uh-huh.
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. Zill based in San Francisco -- Mhmm. -- and Zillow data. It's it's said we have been using we've been very early users. We've been using it for four years now. And it's hard to promote the tool. It's just that it's really streamlined your activities and it's safe. I mean, don't know exactly what are the legal requirements and in that you and compliance requirements that you have as a company. At this point, we are Yes.
Alex Neskin: Yeah. It's on my side. Sorry. Okay. Okay. And the the last question, you you mentioned that it has some kind of integration with the Gmail as well. So if I spend some time, like, on the Gmail, what it will put automatically, this this time on the calendar, or how does it work?
Julien Kernec'h: You can basically connect to your calendar, automatically collock credits. You can also build templates, email templates, and you can connect with an AI. Do only is it I use it sometimes to send some campaign customers' campaigns. To some people. Like, I use it sometimes as a micro CRM. I use it like, it's video quality tools that you can use the way you want to. One of the cool things that you can connect most of your tools. So we are using GitHub, Jira, we are using Google Calendar, Gmail, is a tool Slack. I connect basically all the tools and also OpenAI, and I kind of streamline and understand this is my process. And this is how I can automate it. Example, there is a bills that are coming up. There is a segregation of something. I have a calendar of events. The things that I want to remind myself and I'm automatically post about it with a personal text. I should not say this to my employees, but This is actually quite awesome because I don't have to think about it. It's taken care of.
Alex Neskin: And the OpenAI also can connect be connected there and generate any text for you.
Julien Kernec'h: Yes. Exactly. So, basically, I do bullet points and it automates the contents. It's really awesome productivity too.
Alex Neskin: A lot of information. I'm gonna try it today.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. You will you will love it, and beware because it's a rabbit hole.
Alex Neskin: Oh, I think it's better than Notion.
Julien Kernec'h: It is awesome. It is it's really awesome. So once they built it, you have a learning curve, but as an engineer, it should be relatively easy. Yeah. I'm in a peripheral Notion for the UI and aesthetic. But in terms of opportunities, in terms of doc, the link tables, the databases that you can build, and also the integrations. Is just way more advanced than Notion. It's not comparable actually.
Alex Neskin: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. Makes sense.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. Yeah. And so yeah. So this is basically how I use codalote matters, calendar. Same thing with ten bookings. So we were talking about one thing. I I want to get back to it. Because we talk about kind of two screen and four at the same time. I just want you to kind of go back to one thing that I mentioned about planning. So the quantum of positive outcome on most of the time is you're in a startup and your environment and the priorities shift quite a bit. What I like to do is based on the operation cadence of the company against Kandi, quarterly, monthly, whatever it is, I plan my time and early of time, I start to collock codes, my agenda. So book some do what is called timeboxing. I'm sure you maybe you also didn't have, but there is a really good book from near AR called Indestructible. Where he explains the benefits. Today, we have all the discussions, Slack notification, Facebook, LinkedIn, Telegram, WhatsApp, like, a bunch of app apps where you receive notifications and now distracting you from your day to day and what should work. So or can you reduce the noise and focusing on the things that matter?
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: And the way I do it personally and what I recommend to short of people because overall it works really well, is to do two things. First thing is sandboxing. So plan your time months, let's say, I do it every week and every month. What are the goals for the months? I start to put some blocks. This is what they want to achieve to achieve this. Every week, I need to work on something. What is the most important things that I want to accomplish every week? So what I do on Friday, I stop before going into the weekend because if you're more comfortable, and relaxed as well, leaving and knowing what I should expect for the week after, five afternoon, I kind of stop, say, Next week, this is what I want to tackle and the most important thing. You are chief everything officer, so you have a lot of things that will a lot of columns to solve and a lot of things, but if there is one single thing that you need to fix and focus on what it is, making sure that you allocate your time in your calendar and it's non negotiable time. So you need to also anticipate that you will have surprises, bugs, things that you will have to tackle in portal, whatever it is. But making sure that you optimize your calendar and timebox for your goals.
Alex Neskin: Right.
Julien Kernec'h: And every morning, I also, every morning at every night, I have basically a cadence a personal production cadence, I would say. Well, every morning, I'll read you my email. I'll read bug Zoho because we have people everywhere, something at lunch, something at nights. And I know, as well, I set up in my calendar, some special role. So I flagged basically the mail where I need to be notified. If I send an email to an investor or I want some holiday feedback, For example, for the session, I had some I put you in my VIP email. So if you receive something from you, I know that there's a notification where I'm info be smooth because it's important, and I don't want to mess this up. So it's kind of exactly what I do with also the CEO of the company. I have a few people. And it's kind of rules that are adjusted, where I want some notification only for those specific people or if there is another Like, if all the website down, I want an escalation that would tell me, Julian, you need to stop what you're doing and fix whatever that's going on because this is the most important thing right now. So this is the only description that I allow because we have a small team, and I don't have the people at least at the moment to support to to do this for me. Afterwards, you scale and you have teams and you set up teams in place, but you already see that right now. I do it. And also, you have Whatever you hold, even if you schedule a company and the company go, even if it's a knowledge or context on the org, it will always have this.
Alex Neskin: Mhmm.
Julien Kernec'h: That's cool. Yeah. Friday, planning for the week. So, basically, it's retrospective planning for the week, three times a day. I go to inbox zero. I put some rules automatically archive. I don't necessarily answer to all the messages and everything. I just have a system where I flag it. And, basically, this is kind of what is I think it really important is, first of all, you can automate, and I think you love automation. Snippets is really powerful. If you you can use records, you can use your email system. Records is also pretty cool tool If you're using a mic, it it it replace a a spotlights. We can put a bunch of integrations. It's under snippets. It's really cool.
Alex Neskin: We alright. I use it. But I think it's something similar.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: I'm gonna check that as well.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah. But, basically, what's to lose me is create some templates. So I have, like, a bunch of shortcuts, bunch of templates that I can use at any time. To easily reply and say, the most important thing at your level because you have so much stuff to do and so various activities that you need to to and and things that we need to support depending of the time of the day and and week and and context is understand when you need to say it's acknowledged. And I will get back to you next week versus not answering. And this is why for me, but it was really important. It doesn't mean that I do everything every day. It's basically I just save and see what I do in Slack. I save the message and I put an emoji or I have a snippet to say, acknowledge. I will get back to you next week. Will get back to you tomorrow, depending of the importance of the task. So my team knows that they can contact me. So people that I'm interacting with no that I will get back to them. And, basically, this is why you do time boxing because you need to allocate some time during the week to actually unsell those that should be made and things that are important that you need to install depending of the of the timeline.
Alex Neskin: Sounds good. Sounds good. Really, really helpful. I'm gonna I'm gonna try more tools. Love more tools. But the way we know you kind of, like, you know, promoted.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: I almost felt like they should pay you money for it because It it's it's really cool. It's it's interesting. Maybe next time we can sync on the on the way how we use them because I'm gonna try Obviously, it it's about the, like, precise script setups that you are using, right, with this tool.
Julien Kernec'h: Exactly.
Alex Neskin: So Sounds good.
Julien Kernec'h: And you will see it's always a small learning curve, but the benefits of this, again, you're You have so many things that you can focus on. The goal for you, and we'll get back to it, is to focus on the most importance and impactful things. Important in your jet. And I think you know the or, like, if it's important in your jet, you need to do it now and and what can you dedicate, hence, is what we can of we'll zoom in next session. We most of an IP, of course, I'm also a geek on this. I love this. Like, automation and streamlining your time and your task. I think it's one of the same where it can review and make you extremely productive compared like, you can have definitely a competitive edge against a lot of people if you are smart about your tool. It can be a bit overwhelming, but I quite like codal because it's basically one tool that connects to all the existing tools that you use anyway, and you can do some simple automations. Which, like, Zendesk, the update of Google Calendar, all the stuff that you would have to maintain if it was your own scripts and even toolbox, which is pretty cool.
Alex Neskin: Sorry, Julian. I have another call starting.
Julien Kernec'h: No. No. No worries. It was Yan. So just wanted to thank you for today.
Alex Neskin: Yep.
Julien Kernec'h: I want to talk to you next week. And if there is anything, you have my email as well, and I will connect with you on LinkedIn. So please, reach out to me if there is anything.
Alex Neskin: Awesome. Awesome. Thank thanks. It it was great it was great checking to you next week.
Julien Kernec'h: Yeah.
Alex Neskin: Till next week.
Julien Kernec'h: Thank you.
Alex Neskin: You too.
Julien Kernec'h: Take care.