Adam Johnston: I was muted. Yep. Sorry about that.
Stacie Frederick: Adam.
Adam Johnston: Can you hear me now?
Yannick Zhang: Hey. Hello.
Adam Johnston: Excellent. Excellent.
Stacie Frederick: Oh, I can't hear you.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. My name is Janet.
Stacie Frederick: Tell me.
Yannick Zhang: Nice to meet you.
Stacie Frederick: Okay. Yeah. I can. Thanks.
Adam Johnston: I'm doing well too well. It's a it's a rainy day here in Washington DC, so Yeah.
Yannick Zhang: Hey. Nice to meet you.
Adam Johnston: How about you? How's your day going?
Stacie Frederick: How are you?
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. Just finished one interview with the candidates.
Stacie Frederick: Okay.
Yannick Zhang: That's why it was late.
Stacie Frederick: It's good. I'm in the Bay Area, so we just came through a we just got through a pretty big storm last night, so it's picture right now.
Adam Johnston: Yeah. It's been a weird a weird month for weather out there or, I guess, more than a month really, but yeah.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. So let me let me start. So my background is Actually, in my in my past past company, I was managing about thirty engineers.
Stacie Frederick: I haven't gone out, so I don't know what kind of stuff we got on the roads and whatnot, but it was It's been a crazy season.
Adam Johnston: Right. Right. Exactly.
Yannick Zhang: And right now, I'm only managing ten engineers because I started from scratch hiring like, half a year ago, and I'm trying to expand that to, like, thirty ish next year or this year later this year.
Adam Johnston: Well, I was just checking on we we send out a reminder email to everybody the day before a session.
Stacie Frederick: We don't we don't normally have this much weather. So Yeah. It's very unusual.
Adam Johnston: So I was just looking at whether your mentees got that. And let me just see. Looks like it was delivered to both Yeah.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: Yeah.
Yannick Zhang: So the reason why I'm trying to participated is is I saw that there is a career ladder, you know, some some advice on this.
Stacie Frederick: Okay.
Yannick Zhang: And I really wanna understand how, you know, different skill sets and different levels could really work at, you know, not not to say that to to stay at this stage. But, you know, in in different in different stages of the new developments, how we want to proactively prepare for engineers' career letters.
Adam Johnston: Yeah. Actually, today was a big day. We had four four different circles with sessions today, so in a busy day.
Stacie Frederick: So I assume there have been other of these academy circles that have have they already happened?
Adam Johnston: Yeah. We've had a a pretty good show up rate.
Stacie Frederick: Oh, there's already start. Okay.
Adam Johnston: It's about been about eighty percent of the mentees have shown up.
Stacie Frederick: Oh, nice.
Adam Johnston: To the session so far.
Yannick Zhang: Because, you know, I know that each person has their own thoughts about, you know, the career letter.
Stacie Frederick: Nice. Good.
Adam Johnston: And so far, once they get into the session, it's gone pretty smoothly. So, hopefully, that'll be the case here as well.
Stacie Frederick: Okay.
Yannick Zhang: But I want to really align this with company development as well.
Adam Johnston: Me just see here.
Yannick Zhang: So I wanna have sort of kind of the best practice on this. Yeah. Why do you think it's not talked about? Yeah. So when I'm trying to get more people in the organization, this you know, there are some talents that, you know, they wanted to grow faster, but is that, you know, we can't really scale that fast. For example, if they wanna if they wanna manage more people, like, than three people. But, you know, currently, we only have this three people And we can't really make a promise that, you know, you can manage more than five people in a few months. Because there are a lot of, you know, business opportunities or decisions or that that is affecting this. So I'm wondering how you can really motivate people to pursue their career letter without, you know, letting business, you know, organization trying to you know, change. I mean, there's some change more, and there's some sometimes you have to downsize this a little bit and this affects their career ladders as well.
Stacie Frederick: Adam. So is this the last one you've got today?
Yannick Zhang: So how how do you keep them motivated? And how do you keep them still make them you know, think that it's still healthy. Okay. Great. Thanks. So I'm wondering what's Adam's background. Okay. Oh, okay. I understand. Okay. Thanks. Yes. Yes. I got it. No. Not yet. Right.
Stacie Frederick: Okay.
Yannick Zhang: Since April. Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: Okay.
Adam Johnston: This is yep. This is the last one for today.
Stacie Frederick: Okay. Sounds good.
Yannick Zhang: Sorry. Can we define letter? Can you define a letter? Because, you know, it it could be different You know, I understand.
Adam Johnston: So, yeah, it looks like I think there was a think there was a mistake in our system somehow. I think I think one of the one of the users who had started an application for your circle, but who didn't actually submit it, was marked as as having completed that. So I'm not sure how that happened. And then the other one, the the the one I know you have from Amenti, it looks like he received but didn't open the message the reminder message yesterday. And so I just wanna see if he has been active recently because usually people show up in the first five minutes.
Stacie Frederick: It's here. Hello. Hey. Yonic. Is it my am I pronouncing? Alright. Nice to meet you.
Adam Johnston: So I just wanna see if something happens there.
Stacie Frederick: Janik. So we've got Adam here also from Play Do. He's gonna sit in. But I think this is just this is it. Right, Adam?
Adam Johnston: Yeah. It looks like he hasn't logged in in a more than a week.
Stacie Frederick: Okay. Great. Alright. Yeah. Like, So nice to meet you.
Adam Johnston: I'm gonna ping a quick message to him and just see if if he's able to join.
Stacie Frederick: Glad you're Friday going.
Adam Johnston: And if he doesn't join in a few minutes, we can we can get some time back here.
Stacie Frederick: No problem. No problem. It happens. So, I guess, I wanted to start off. We can either do, like, quick just background intros. It helps it helps me sometimes just to kinda understand, like, what's the size of your team, where you're at.
Yannick Zhang: Yes.
Stacie Frederick: And then and then we can jump into you. I can do a little bit of an overview. I don't know if you received. I tried to send an email earlier today with the with the little thing that I wrote up about what we're gonna go through. But, really, I just wanted to hear, like, where are you, I guess, what questions or what motivated you to to, like, sign up and interest you're interested in this topic.
Yannick Zhang: Alright. Can I can I get a power adapter real quick? Okay. Good. Thanks. So you would prefer them to be related. Mhmm. And talking about relating to each other, you know, there are some relationships between manager and their you know, you know, a person who would like to be a manager and other individual contributors.
Stacie Frederick: Yep. Okay. Okay. Yep.
Yannick Zhang: Do we relate them project them in the future relationship as well.
Stacie Frederick: Okay. Yep.
Yannick Zhang: Like, for example, you know, this person is gonna be a manager less help him to be a manager.
Stacie Frederick: Gotcha.
Adam Johnston: Hey, Yonic. How are you?
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. So a bunch of individual contributors with a person who is trying to be on the manager track, but we're still an an individual contributor.
Adam Johnston: Yes. I think I think it's just us.
Stacie Frederick: Yeah.
Adam Johnston: Hey, Yanick. Yeah. So I'm I'm actually on the the Plano team. I'm the head of products here.
Stacie Frederick: Yep.
Adam Johnston: So I'm mainly here to observe and and provide support.
Yannick Zhang: Are we trying to, you know, help this person to become a manager?
Adam Johnston: And so but yeah.
Yannick Zhang: I mean, the, you know, other individual contributors probably they can help him, you know, for as early as possible.
Adam Johnston: Yep. Of course. Yeah. We just launched this Play Do Academy in these these circles it was sort of publicly released on February first, and we just had the first group of Circle start meeting last week.
Stacie Frederick: Yeah.
Yannick Zhang: Mhmm.
Adam Johnston: So so Stacy is one of our first mentors in this in this new thing that we're doing, and you're one of our first to to join as a participant.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: Yep.
Yannick Zhang: Yes.
Adam Johnston: So that's great.
Stacie Frederick: Sure. Right.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. So on the scope, a quantitative assessment of you know, do you have some examples, like, in some concrete examples?
Adam Johnston: And then Yoni, as you're leaving, if you at the bottom right of your screen, you'll see a leave button.
Stacie Frederick: Yeah.
Adam Johnston: If you click that button, you're ready to leave, it'll take you to a just really quick feedback form.
Yannick Zhang: In some companies.
Stacie Frederick: Okay. Sounds good.
Adam Johnston: We'd love to just get your feedback on how the session went and just overall experience with with Playa Academy so far.
Stacie Frederick: I'll give you a little background in terms of me and just my experience with crucial letters.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. But they're still I mean, they're still working on the same life cycle.
Adam Johnston: Alright.
Stacie Frederick: So I have I've been at large companies and smaller companies, really, some in some cases, like, really early stage startups.
Adam Johnston: Thanks very much. Have a good weekend.
Yannick Zhang: Okay.
Stacie Frederick: Right now, I'm in a a start up with a smaller team. So my engineering team is around twenty. And we'll probably we probably won't grow super fast, but we'll continue to just organically grow.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. And what about managers?
Stacie Frederick: And and so I do effect, and this, right, goes along with the business. Like, the business has to grow too.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: So if the business grows according to what we want, I'm probably expecting this team to be, like, in the fifty range next year, like, growing this year and into next year.
Yannick Zhang: Should, you know, should scope be very clear without you know, with very clearly defined boundaries or and they explore their scope.
Stacie Frederick: And then, like, Again, if the business really takes off the way we think it will, then, like, easily hundred people.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. Makes sense.
Stacie Frederick: Right?
Yannick Zhang: And one question.
Stacie Frederick: If you if you put all the different functions in, as well as trying to understand what all what are all the kind of types of groups that should be within, like, a technical like, under our umbrella.
Yannick Zhang: So for example, two individual contributors. Their work, the senior managers, the senior engineers, their work same project. They're having different scopes. For example, one is on iOS tech design, and the other one is on Android tech design.
Stacie Frederick: Right? The technical part of the company. But in terms of true letters, let's see.
Yannick Zhang: But they are having some overlaps because there are some common systems to distribute.
Stacie Frederick: My last Like, including this one, my last three companies, I've actually come in where there's either been, like, a very early, like, they were still drafting a current letter.
Yannick Zhang: And what should we expect to make sure that they don't have conflicts of interests?
Stacie Frederick: Or in one case, like, they didn't have one. And the company had been around for maybe, like, five.
Yannick Zhang: I mean, for example, they both wanna be, like, very they won't won't be very proactive and, you know, responsible for their areas.
Stacie Frederick: In this case, actually, even in six years, and there's no career ladder. So oftentimes, it's something that gets added very late. And and most of the time, it's because you're team starts to, like, really ask for it, and they've been usually, a team's been asking for a long time.
Yannick Zhang: But, you know, sometimes you see that, you know, they're competing for that piece that that common area to make sure that they can be you know, more impactful or something.
Stacie Frederick: In which case, by the time you do it, it a lot of times, it's it feels very like, it's been dragging for a long time. So for a lot of team members, the kind of thing, like, we have been asking for this. So by the time you get it out, sometimes that still doesn't doesn't Like, you would think people would be happy about it, but they're like, oh, finally.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. And the same thing is for managers, sometimes you know, there are some future things to explore.
Stacie Frederick: You did it. So even if even if you get it done, it's it doesn't really help you to to gain much positive around that, which is what you would hope.
Yannick Zhang: Like, it's it's a potential good product, but, you know, no one is getting into it yet.
Stacie Frederick: Right? If you're bringing something like, putting a career learner together is a nontrivial lift. Like, it it actually you care about it, it takes some work.
Yannick Zhang: But there's one person that is actively exploring it, but the other person is probably, you know, having a lot of interest, but at this moment, they don't have much resource to do it.
Stacie Frederick: And then just rolling it out and then making it useful, again, is this organizational change. And so you wanna if you're gonna go through all of that, you like it to like, everyone actually, like, lift more out a little bit, like, everyone to be happy about it. So So part of this is, like, from the the few actually, this is now the third time.
Yannick Zhang: And but it's more related to the expertise of the second person. So yeah. So how do you make sure that, you know, those things could be organized in a very healthy way with them.
Stacie Frederick: Third round going through this, I feel like I've gotten, like, a really good sense of what goes into a career line or, like, how to talk about them, also the teams, as well as, like, your HR team, and even other adjacent teams, like, in some cases, they're, like, technical folks and other teams outside of engineering.
Yannick Zhang: You know? Mhmm. Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: But they also may have a similar, like, career path and skills. And so oftentimes, if you do good work, then they'll, like, use a lot of what you're gonna put together.
Yannick Zhang: Okay. Great.
Stacie Frederick: For your for your folks. And and so I I because I it's been kind of a painful process for me to learn how to put these together.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. Both works. 01:30. Is it on Friday?
Stacie Frederick: And sometimes it feels like isn't this an HR function.
Yannick Zhang: Right? Yeah. 01:30 would be nice.
Stacie Frederick: But if you if you actually if you do it right, it becomes a really useful tool for especially for you as a manager.
Yannick Zhang: Yes. Okay. Is it is it a one on one session?
Stacie Frederick: Like, all of a sudden, you don't have to like, every time you've gotta do something like hiring or performance reviews or even if you have a case where someone's not doing well, it helps to be able to have this tool and and the thinking done so that then when you go to do a performance review, it's just like, okay.
Yannick Zhang: Or okay. Okay.
Stacie Frederick: I can pull out my framework and it's just like a like, it helps me to walk through what do I need to give feedback on?
Yannick Zhang: Okay. So this kind of academy is the first time or Okay.
Stacie Frederick: And even for growth, like, what are the areas that I that I can pull out and say this is a growth area for you. Right? It helps you in terms of not having to redo all that thinking every time for each person. So that's my experience to why why why I'm here. Also, because it just feels like a lot of times, this doesn't get talked about in terms of how to make them more useful and not just like a piece of paper that we just pull out at once in a while.
Yannick Zhang: Nice. Thanks, Stacy.
Stacie Frederick: I don't know. I think because it does feel like, oh, that's just an HR function and and because I don't know that that people leverage it.
Yannick Zhang: Yeah. Sure. Definitely.
Stacie Frederick: Because, actually, if you're if you're doing it right, you actually should be talking about things related talked about in your career letter almost every day. Right, in terms of how how do people, you know, do their are people doing tech reviews, tech design docs?
Yannick Zhang: Okay. Great. I'll do it. Mhmm. Yeah.
Stacie Frederick: PRs. Like, this is all should be all folded into for a junior engineer or senior engineer.
Yannick Zhang: Thanks, everyone.
Stacie Frederick: This is how they do these things. And so it should be actually be part of, like, your day to day. Like, hey. That was a really great tech design that, you know, tech design doc that you wrote. This is and when you talk to someone else, like, hey. That's a great example of, you know, if you're thinking about moving to a senior software engineer, that person did that one. That's a great example of how those should be done for that level. And I'm saying, so it's become something that you talk about on a more regular basis, not just when you pull out the the ladder and saying that's where you are type of thing. It's also the one of the themes that I I seem to I I am coming to is I don't know that we we all get enough training when we become managers as technical folks. And and so, like, yes, there's mentoring. There is you know, you talk to your boss. Maybe your boss is good at some parts of it. But not all parts of it. And so how do we have more almost like like structures and structures or references? For how we should or even just guide, you know, some guidelines in terms of how to think about these different parts of as we put together and then grow organizations, particularly technical ones. And so it for me, it's felt like a gap. Because, like, you can oftentimes, you know, people will point you at books or blog posts, and then it's, like, left up to you. Like, okay. So with why I take away from that, and then how do I how do I apply that to my situation? And so it feels like to me, like, a be great to have something a little bit more, like, this is this these are the things you need to think about. This is almost like a a rough a rough what do you call it? Scaffolding. And then use that as a way to make sure I'm thinking about all the right things. And then I can just answer, like, yes or no. I have this or I don't have this. Or at least I've thought through that I don't have this type of thing. So, anyway, that's where I'm coming from on this. And so happy to answer any questions in terms of what I've seen and done. And and really just wanted to hear from you in terms of, like, what are you dealing with? What have you seen good and add. And sometimes that colors also how we approach career letters is our past experience. Because sometimes they they aren't very useful. So alright. Anything else, Yonic, in terms of what you'd like get out of this? And do you have, like, a specific in in addition to thinking about growth for your organization, is there anything else specific, like, dealing with this specific person or a level or titles or anything like that that you're dealing with right now. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Right. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a that's a great question. And it it happens often with startups because And we'll talk about this in terms of the the two, like, the two halves really of kind of your crude letter and and leveling. So in startups because especially when they're really early in the business, like, the business is still evolving, the products are still evolving. The really early days, there isn't actually much scope because, like, maybe you don't have that many customers. And the the business is just not at scale yet. In which case, even the more senior positions, sometimes there isn't enough for them. Like, it's not equivalent to say, like, a director somewhere else. Right? So it's you hitting on the nose in terms of how do you keep them motivated and how do you create things, ways for them to grow, right, opportunities. And so there are and as as we walk through these different area aspects of your current letter. Part of it is looking at so for someone who wants to manage and they wanna manage more people, that is definitely part of, like, showing you're a more experienced manager. And also tests how you scale your management, your ability to manage. But there are plenty of other things that you can continue to grow. And develop outside of just the number of people that you have that you that I think you can find ways also to give to give your manager with just three people as you're continuing to grow the org. And some of that is in and around, like, delegation, like, letting them have a little bit more ownership in some in other areas of management. In and around, not just product development, but also around how sometimes it's even, like, policies or how you are continuing to improve your engineering organization. So, like, what does it mean to be a really good either engineer or as an engineering team? That we are doing this very well. And so sometimes if you can get your your manager to think about that because that's the other half of being a engineering manager, enduring lead. Right? It's not just I'm keeping the people happy. But it's also, like, it's it's this whole, like, the classic question of is your team operating at a high enough philosophy? And even just that is a great question to you. Okay. So what does that mean to you? How how would you as a so if you're, like, more of an owner, of this area. And this is exactly that that you're you're gonna scale down space, but how do you still, like, develop skills? Better leadership and management skills is even if a small area if if you are more taking more of an ownership perspective, which is what you wanna see on a progression of someone who starts as a first slide manager as they grow to be managed more and more people. Is is one of the key things is is ownership. And so how how do you help them to practice being a very good owner? Of the different areas like engineering, not just people, but also, like, processes, operational aspects, efficiencies, technical capabilities? And are they looking at those things? So so there are definitely things, and we can go through some of those. But the latter will help you with that. Because then you can see, like okay. The people part is only one one piece of moving to the next level. There are these other areas also that we can work on. And so let's look for opportunities in those other areas. Okay. So let's let me see if I can share this thing. Oh, Adam, do you wanna Let's see if I can find this. Sorry. Getting used to this. Slightly different interface for sharing the right thing. So this is the right one. Okay. So let's just do this one. Okay. Can you see that? Okay. So this is the thing. Oops. This is the thing. I I sent you an email earlier today. I don't know if you got it. Okay. Anyway, we'll just go through this. I don't know if you had a chance to read it or not. So we'll just go through it. This first part was just kind of the overview and purpose of the of the sessions that we're gonna do, and we kinda covered this already. The who is it for? We did a little bit with the intros. So I think we're good here. But I think the second question is really so, Yan, how long have your teams been or how long It has the company and the engineering team been in existence. Oh, so brand new? Okay. Okay. One of the things that in terms of just overall time, I would say, in general, one thing to keep in mind for this team and any other future team is really once you get to, like, the three, four month, your mark, with the team, and there's no career letter that to you should be a flag. And that really is just a matter of when you've got people working at a place for more than right? Once they get into, like, year three, that's when they're really starting to ask. Okay. So what else is there for me here? Right? The career development stuff really kicks in. Okay. So you are you are good and early on this. I would say the other thing about being really early is to not over not feel like you have to overdo it on the ladder either. I would say try to keep it simple. Like, there's no reason to have, like, a full eight level ladder, right, when your team is really, really new and still pretty small. K. Yeah. So if you're gonna Go ahead. What? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. So the way I think about a ladder is really it shows the progression, as well as almost tracks in terms of so you would have a set of set of levels for, say, like, So individual contributors to your engineers, and that usually goes from your, like, brand new software engineers, like, pretty new to the profession. All the way to how far how far in terms of seniority up into even maybe, like, the exec level and an individual contributor can go. You would also probably want a management track, so your engineering managers and how many levels that goes into. Engineers, senior engineer senior engineering manager sorry. Engineering manager, senior engineer manager, director, and blah blah blah, all the way up. You may have different types of engineers. So you may have wanna have a slightly different ladder. So, like, if you have data engineering. Sometimes that looks a little different. Or if you have, like, a a machine learning or AI team, sometimes that looks a little bit different. The the hope though is that most of it is pretty similar, and it really is really localized in terms of what's in different as you as you move into slightly different engineering disciplines. So even, like, you're more operational, so like a DevOps or SRE, that may be a little different too. But we can talk about where they're the same and where they're where the, like, exact differences are. Also, I don't know if you have QA. QA is another area that sometimes will fall under that track. So sometimes you where you want to call out differences is where you might wanna have slightly different almost for, like, the job families. Does that make sense? Okay. Alright. So, yeah, good times to either establish or even relook at your ladder is anytime you're going through pretty significant growth. And oftentimes, this is at a even sometimes at a company level. Like, if the company is bringing in, like, a new senior leader into engineering or something that sometimes can be a good reason to relook at it and make sure, like, do you have enough of the right levels, like, up to the right level seniority. Like, sometimes if your ladder ends at a certain level and you're starting to have people beyond that level, that can be a time to really relook at the whole thing. Okay. So the objectives, One of the things you wanna do is just what are the key considerations for a ladder? Like, what are the things you should think about and even make decisions about? The other thing, identify so what are the most important use cases that you wanna cover in your ladder? So do you have a bunch of senior software engineers? And they're like, what's the next level? And you need to define, like, what's the what are the next, maybe, one or two levels for them? And or or you've got, like, software engineers, and they wanna know, like, what does it take to get to so I can get to that next the CEO software engineer. Or you've got people who are senior software engineer and they wanna become manager. Right? So those are some of the things. Like, what are the most important ones for you to focus on? Is really gonna be according to your team and the company. Okay. And, also, thinking about you wanna have basically, you wanna have kinda test cases or use cases. And so You wanna think about people in your org. So as you start to put together, you're letting you wanna think about people in your org that you feel are, like, this is a solid whatever senior software engineer. Right? And so you often will take that person and run them through your ladder and say, okay, does this roughly describe that person with this checkout as, you know, in the positive case, as well as sometimes a negative case? Like, that's someone who senior software engineer, they're good in this, but they're not good in this. Your ladder should support the fact that they're you feel like they're not quite performing right. So you wanna have some of these, almost, like, use cases or test cases to run against your ladder once you put it together to see, like, does it does it actually support me in terms of what I'm trying to do with my org or where I want it to go? And then and then last thing is we wanna you want to think about what are the most important kind of aspects of qualities and quantities? So one is scope, and that, to me, is more about quantification of someone's job. So it's really their responsibilities. How do you think about that aspect, the to quantify what they do, and then also the qualities or how they do it. So, really, that's more like the behaviors and competencies. So aspects, things like Do they show strong ownership? Are they great with delivery? Do they show good leadership capabilities? Or I always have a section for, like, engineering excellence, which is where your technical skills go into. And so you wanna think about what are those key aspects? That you will assess your engineers on, let's say. And how does that change? Right? As they become more senior, what are the key traits? Of a more senior versus more junior person, as well as how does their scope change? And so we will We'll go through those. Let's do this next session. Alright. And then the Yes, sir. Alright. The next session was if you've got any of these things to to bring them. We can go through them next time or in a future session. So, like, if you have an existing career letter or even parts of one, or if you've seen one on the other peep other companies often published there. So if you've seen one that you like, that would be good to bring, and we could just talk about that. As a reference. If you have for your team, it's it's handy to have, like, the your list of your team and kind of the titles and levels that they currently have. That's a good reference for you, and then any projections that you have for people like this is a person that I think will be performing in the next year or whatever. Like, that that type of thinking and is also good to have. Again as kinda your use test cases, right, against your ladder. And then the other thing is, yeah, what types of engineers which we just talked Like, so do you have a variety of different types of engineers that you'll have? What does look like? Alright. Next thing is so it's kind of the questions to ask yourself to see, like, okay. So, like, does this stuff make sense? And actually for preparation for next session. So so how many tracks do you wanna support? So other words, when you put together your ladder, are you thinking that you'll do for engineers and for so for individual contributes and for managers? It's a question for you to think about an answer. And then also how do these relate to each other? So I don't know if you've got have been in previous places. Sometimes the individual contributor and management tracks are completely separate. And independent things. I often like to have them related in the sense of if you have a say your engineering manager is equivalent to your senior software engineer at the next level after that. Like, they should have very much many of the same qualities. And it's just a matter of kind of that people management piece in addition. And so that will be something to think about too. Is are they related in terms of individual contributor and management? Are they completely separate? In which case, you're almost writing, like, two separate letters? I I like to have them that way. Because I think there's a lot of overlap in terms of and part of that is because, for me, as you become more senior, even as an individual contributor, you actually a large part of your growth is in your leadership skills. Yes, your technical continues to be, like, a a good portion of the the time and the skill that you need. But your leadership skills are actually one of the the larger parts of the progression, like, as you become more senior even as, like, you get it to an architect. These people are have, like, pretty high influence, and they should be impacting a large portion of your engineering teams. Which a senior manager or director also would do. Yeah. Yep. Mhmm. Right. Yep. Sorry. Could you repeat that last part again? Yeah. I see. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That is that actually is a really good use case to walk through in your career ladder to make sure that that works out correctly, and that you are developing the right skills whether they make it and decide to go into management or not. Right? But I agree that it's an interesting transition when you go from being appeared among other engineers, and then you become a manager, and all of a sudden, you you have people reporting into you. But that's a good that's a good thing to cover kind of when you look at the what are the specific management pieces that you wanna call out in your in your ladder? Like, maybe the behaviors or the skills? To make sure that one of them maybe you're creating trust. Among the people, right, that you're working with, whether as peer or as a manager. And that that type of Working relationship allows people to make that transition much better than when your manager all of a sudden has to behave very differently, I'm saying. Yeah. But, yeah, that's a that's a good one. So another thing to think about and this is for me, it's the the two main the two main elements of a curve ladder. One is scope, and that is what is the realm of responsibility. So how do you determine if someone for their level has enough responsibility, right, enough scope? And you could think about this from think about when you have, like, a more junior engineer. How do you make sure that they're working on that right the right realm of responsibility? Why I ask about a junior engineer because usually that's easier to think about because you're usually keeping that very small. They have very little responsibility. Right? So then if you expand that into the your more senior folks, how does that scope change? And, usually, what happens over that development is they're given more responsibility. Right? They're given whole component, sometimes whole features or products. And so that's what those are the types of things you wanna think about within scope. For a manager, it is, like, single team or small team and maybe becomes, like, two teams and more teams as you get to manager to senior manager, maybe two director. So that's that's scope. That is it should be very concrete and very easy to assess. Does that make sense? So that's the first thing we probably will talk about the next session. Is how do how do you grade or assess whether someone has the right scope. And then how do you describe that for each of the levels? So that'd be the first part of it. And then the second part of it is sometimes can be a little trickier, and that is more of the these are the soft skills. Right? The soft part. It's more of, like, behaviors of the competencies or how people do their job as they go from, again, so software engineer to more senior. How does the way that they do their job change? And this is right? You take into account. They also are working against a bigger scope. How are you also looking at how they manage that scope, how they are effective with that scope, or the people Right? So you're looking at those things, the how they do their job. What are the characteristics of someone who's a really good senior engineer? What has that different from someone who's, like, starting to move into almost like an architect type of right? So those are the types of things in the behaviors. And sometimes those are things like their their communication becomes better. Their ability to deliver on projects that are much more ambiguous. Right? When you're more junior, you give someone very clear. Right? If you're only doing this piece of it, you only have to do this as they become more senior. It's like, Well, we kinda have this area that we need someone to look into and investigate. And so that that's some of what we're looking at. So we'll think about it in those two ways. One is scope, very quantitative, and then the behaviors is much more qualitative, and that that sometimes is the hardest. But it's also where you wanna line up with what are your most important, almost values for an engineering team. And so breaking those down in because you wanna make sure that the things you are developing and really rewarding with promotion are the right behaviors that you wanna see. Okay. And then the last thing is just an activity and to kinda help you thinking think about these things and start to, like, break them down. Because sometimes it's hard. Like, you just like, as we're doing our work, like, you see the people, they're doing their jobs, and it's kinda like you don't do the step back and think, okay. What does make that person how they do their job different? From this other person. Like, we kinda do them so reflexively. We don't really think about them. Like, if we had to describe it to someone else, like, not in an engineering org. That's when you think about it. And so that's what these questions are to get us kinda thinking in that area. So any any questions, Yanik? Yes. Yep. So scope can be things like so You can start off with what type of day to day work do they do. Right? So a let's look at so you take a software engineer which is you're more kinda less experienced. Their day to day work is probably very much, like, down to decoding, right, programming. And and sometimes, they're not even writing, like, a the design for it. It's really just more focused on implementation. Right? So it's implementation, coding, and maybe some testing too. Right? It's only part of that whole life cycle of the, basically, piece of product or software that you're building. If you move up to senior software engineer, you're probably giving them also the design phase. Right? So that's where their responsibility is is broader. In terms of more of the life cycle, more of the phases. They're actually involved from probably design and maybe even working more closely with product managers. Right? As well as the products the projects are probably bigger. They last longer. They take more effort, right, longer time period. And maybe even involve another person or two or three. And so that's also part of scope. Right? And you can you can see it. This project only one a few weeks, which is kind of where your software engineers tend to hit, like, on two sprints versus more your senior software engineer is something that probably goes a few sprints. Right? So this is also like the size, the time, the effort, as well as how much of the I would say the software life cycle are they responsible for? Where sup senior software engineers, usually you wanna give them, like, the whole thing, and they become again, much more of an owner of that whole thing versus more junior, like, cutting up specific pieces, and they're working heavily with someone else. Usually. Does that make sense? Exactly. Exactly. But you're you're you're pairing it down. Right? So they're more limited in terms of what they're working on. Versus as a senior or a staff engineer or an architect, like, their the the life cycle. They they're more responsible for more of the life cycle. Yeah. Yep. So managers, Managers, in terms of scope, the easy measures are the number of people. How many sometimes it's how many products or areas they're responsible for. So it could be that you have or or, like, even a feature set within a product, let's say. And so say, like, you're very, like, early managers. You probably, again, give them a very limited amount that they're responsible for. Just maybe a few features or a smaller product versus someone who's a more senior manager, you're probably gonna give them more, like a bigger area, which ends up being a bigger team. As well as you would rely on them for projects that maybe span a longer amount of time. Just take more people even if it's people outside. Of the engineers. Right? Does that make sense? So usually, first time managers, like, everything's pretty well contained. But as you get more senior you you have more senior managers, you usually give them bigger things. Like, it starts touching more piece more parts of your company maybe even. Yeah. It it should be. In terms of scope is one thing that it's almost more like a triangulation. So there's multiple ways you wanna test it. There's usually not just one, like, saying just how many people you're managing. You would wanna be, like, how many people like, it's, like, a multiple check thing. Like, okay. So roughly how many people are you managing? What are roughly the product areas that you're owning? How much impact does that have with customers? How like, is this something that is more of a very well defined primary product. So there's not a lot of new risk not new air new things to build less risk versus No. You're you're more senior manager, so we give you, like, higher ambiguity. It's a brand new thing. We have no idea how we're gonna do it or it's a brand new tech stack. Right? So those are some of the things, like, you roughly have to be able to say, okay. If you have some of these things, then, okay. Yeah. You're more like the stop. You more like the engineering manager. Oh, no. You have more of these other bigger things. Okay. So this is more like a senior manager or bridging into director. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Uh-huh. Yep. Yeah. Yep. So that's that's a good one. And this that that type of question of How do you make sure there's no conflict of interest or how are they handling that potential conflict of interest? That, I would say, those types of qualities would go into your behaviors. So someone who is more I would say, mature as an engineer, they might look at those those common areas where maybe they're stepping on each other's toes. And saying, hey. How about we set up? This is a common area and almost figure out, like, what is the what is the way we're gonna own this together? Or maybe they say, this is actually the beginning of our platform area. And so we're gonna start building this as a comment like it's used by multiple. Right? So we're gonna build it more like core cognitive components, and it's not gonna be overly favorable to iOS or to Android, but it is, like, true core common components. And we think, eventually, there may actually be a separate team owner person for these core things. But right now, we are starting to grow these things. But whoever can recognize. Right? And that's really almost a architecture view of those common things and not just that I own it, you own it. It has to be one of us. So so it starts to look at how do people think about these things, which is what you wanna bake into the behavior side. Yep. I see. Yep. Yeah. And that could be, again, going into the more, like, the behavior side is So because each of them, they're both the same level. Right? They're both senior software and seniors. So you would expect each of them to wanna see, like, a Tech design inspect. So write up. What is the investigation? What is the premise of the investigation? What are the requirements or the unknowns? That are being investigated. And then for the person who's actively doing it to provide some kind of either knowledge sharing or review of that. With the other person. Right? And gives the other person a chance to give feedback and have that, like, critical discussion. But that's one of the signs of a senior software engineer. You they actually can go through that, like, that clear thinking on what is the problem? What are the requirements I'm trying to solve? This is the thing I'm investigating, and these are the, like, the things I'm learning about it. This is a pro, this is a con. Why might be good? Why might be bad? What are the other consequences as a result of what I'm learning? And the ability really to to, like, go through that thinking process, one, to show good just thoroughness and the clarity of thought, but also the reasoning through it. And so for the person who has more expertise, then they can engage in conversation with them. And then, again, it's a behavior thing of how well do you do with that feedback? Are you defensive and closed off, or can you actually, like, reason through, like, what's being brought to you? And for both of them, it's are they entering in that conversation from, again, focused on requirements and objective conversation versus a like, I'm trying to make this a political thing. Does that make sense? So your career letter can help. Like, these are the things I'm looking for in this area that may be a little contentious. Is happy to navigate through it. Right? Because the thing is to to imagine, like, there's actually more people more than just maybe two of them or three of them. And how would you go through this process of an investigation and thinking through pros, cons, trade offs if there were more people because that's what you want your senior people to be able to do is to to be able to share and explain. And as well as clearly reasons through what I'm seeing and and what almost like a decision would look like. Yeah. Okay. So Oh, I did have one logistics question. So on the twenty fourth, Friday, I think that's the third session. I actually need to change the time to either 12:30 to 01:30 or eleven to twelve. So I'm just curious if either one of those times works for you, Emily. Okay. Do you have a preference? Yeah. It's on Friday. Okay. So go from 01:30 to 02:30. Okay. I will move with them to that. And I will send you the the next session to write up. Probably, like, Tuesday of next week. Right. It's it's supposed to be it's supposed to be more people, but This is the first time and I'm doing this topic. So I don't mind that that's a smaller group. So we can then focus on whatever things you've got. And if we don't need all the time, then we can end early if if that works out too. For any questions. Alright. Chaotic and Adam. Sue, thanks both. And we look forward to seeing you next Friday, and I will, yeah, I will reach out through email and send you the next session so you hopefully have a chance just to read a little bit before we meet. Okay. Alright. Thanks, everyone.